# La Chanson d'Erinnyes

## Volume 1

**Chapter 6, Part 7**

How the emissary of King Remus came to Erinnyes, asking her for a gift of Aremori Castle's water and earth, and for her
to submit to the Sumphonia Capitolii (which means "the eternal harmony").

Of the glorious deeds of Otkerus of Rhenanie, a righteous and noble knight, and his valiant battle against a
venom-breathing dragon, much has already been said earlier that we shall draw to a close here. Now, we shall look back
and talk of Erinnyes in those days.

At the time, Erinnyes had just defeated the princes of Bellouacoi, Atrebatis, and Uiromanduoi, and accepted their
allegiance. And so the residents of those lands knew of the kindness of the Mistress of Many Waters, submitting to her
rule with sincerity. To celebrate that fealty and wisdom, eight days of feasting were ordered in Aremori Castle, with
all to be treated as honored guests.

On that day, a musician arrived, an emissary dispatched by King Remus of Capitolii, claiming to have a message to
deliver. He came with no attendants or guards, just a single horse, and a golden-tipped fasces as a symbol of his
status. Everyone present was deeply displeased, but the emissary was permitted to speak out of respect for Erinnyes, the
beloved leader of the knights. On seeing Erinnyes, the emissary first wished her well and performed a formal bow, before
explaining his intent.

"I represent the most honorable and greatest King Remus, emperor of all, and send my regards to your court." "May your
anger never destroy your powers of reasoning. King Remus asks of you two gifts, as legitimate tribute." "The first is
water, for the purest of waters can wash away all sins. The second is earth, for dense earth can resist the erosion that
looms." "King Remus expects you and your people to honor his wishes. Should you dare resist, death shall be sure to
follow."

The emissary's message sent Sir Guillaume of Gellone into a rage, and he drew the sacred blade Narbonnais from its
scabbard. "Cease, you braggart! To make such threats on this occasion is an insult to every knight here." "And if you
mean to threaten my sworn liege, there is no need for me to hold back. I shall have your head, sir, in a single stroke!"
More of the brave knights drew their swords, including Knight Blancandrin and his compatriot Knight Marsile.

But the wise Knight Erinnyes gave an order to the knights present: the emissary from Capitoliani was not to be harmed.
"Please, tell King Remus, great emissary, that in this whole world, there is only one to whom we bend the knee." "And
that is the beneficent Mistress of Many Waters, our mistress, who bears for us our sins, the greatest and most honorable
ruler." "No other ruler or god can be spoken of in the same breath, for she is greatest in kindness and first in glory."

On hearing that, King Remus's emissary again spoke, saying this before all gathered there: "Before King Remus conquers
your land, he shall send war or hunger or plague upon you." "Those who once fought against each other have been brought
to peace under a single ruler, and this is wisdom." "For otherwise, who shall mourn when the waters flow over our heads?
And who shall save us in our hour of need?" "Of all these braves, who has rescued themselves from ignorance and
superstition? Who hears the cries of the weak?" "King Remus's orders are well-meant and born of pity. He does not wish
to see a single person fall into the waters. He would see all saved."

## Volume 2

How the knights of every region united to lend their strength to Erinnyes, in opposition to the designs of the
Capitoliani to invade. When Sir Agricane had finished, the fine bowman Knight Drest, Prince of Lyonnais, was first to
speak and offer his view:

"The harmony and prosperity that Vivarium's heir has promised us are naught but lies, his promise but trickery."
"Knight Erinnyes of the Lakelight, none so wise and noble as you should be taken in by such pretense."
"You must know that those words are aimed much like a poisoned arrow tipped with gold. It may be dazzling to watch, but
the pain it brings shall be all the greater." His fair companion, Adsiltia, the lady of the azure sail, whose name meant
"daughter of ice," was next to speak:

"Vivarium's heir is the least trustworthy of traitors. How can we reason with someone as vile as him?"
"Knight Erinnyes of the Lakelight, no matter what reason he offers, we cannot let the Capitoliani harm all we know to be
good." "Please, make up your mind as soon as you are able, and do battle with the court of the Capitoliani. For there
shall be no salvation for our souls should you bend the knee."

"Let the evil disappear like dew in the sun. Oathbreakers and the unjust will be driven from this world."
"And in this way, songs will be sung of your wisdom, for those who seek to exact the debt of bloodshed will be
remembered by those in misery." And following that, Sir Naimes, Sir Tulpin, and all the other noble knights lent their
swords to the fight.

Erinnyes knew of their dedication and offered her sincere thanks. Then she met with King Remus's musician and spoke to
him as follows:

"Please inform King Remus, noble emissary, that no monarch of this world is bound to bow to another." "The Mistress of
Many Waters has granted us all equal honor. There are none greater who shall trample me, none lesser who must envy me."
"And I am to lead her blessed army to destroy the white dragon and the grand city, and to cleanse their bodies in their
own blood." "Like a herder drives the wolves from his flock, I will drive the invaders from this land, to serve as an
eternal warning."

And with that, Erinnyes ordered Sir Fierabras to prepare wondrous gifts for the Capitoliani musician. She also ordered
the emissary to be escorted back to Carubdis Castle so he could report to King Remus. Of that, we shall write later.

## Volume 3

**Chapter 20, Part 3**

How Erinnyes bid farewell to the Mistress of Many Waters, and how she threw her sword into the lake three times.

The Mistress of Many Waters heard all this and, in her eternal kindness, compassion, and grace, granted Erinnyes her
wish. And so Erinnyes said: "Thank you, O Queen of Many Waters, for showing me the Pure Grail I so urgently desired, and
for allowing me to complete this journey." "Those knights who yet survive, your servants, will continue to loyally serve
you and your future kingdom, following that noble musician." "They will pursue the lingering shadows, restoring justice.
For those who travel in the dark yearn for the light, while those in the light know nothing of the dark." "Goodness is
nothing but a dream. Thus do I present these good knights to you and beg that you forgive their sins."

The Mistress of Many Waters heard all this and, in her eternal kindness, compassion, and grace, granted Erinnyes her
wish. And so Erinnyes said: "O Queen of Many Waters, I confess to you my sins and do not hide my evil, for they are too
grave to be forgiven." "In your high and pure ideals, you must not forgive such sins. The only possible comfort for my
soul is expulsion and exile." "There are no angels or divine edicts. In your kind and loving land, only sin may
determine sin, and only people may judge people." "I ask only that you remember my suffering and witness our grievances.
For these are like disease, like a poison." "I submit my name into your hands, and may all who criticize us be cursed
for all eternity for their lack of righteousness."

The knight with sea-colored eyes finished her speech and drew her shining sword. A beam of watery light shone from it
and lit the valley. "Oh fair Hauteclaire, Sword of Light! How you shine under the blazing sun's beams!" "You have drunk
the crimson blood of the unrighteous. Oathbreakers and the unjust have fallen like flakes of snow to the ground before
your purity." "My clothes has been covered with countless sins, because I bore the sin of bloodshed, and killed the
righteous, but you are still bright and shining." "May the Mistress of Many Waters have mercy! The unrighteous are not
worthy of you. Beautiful and holy Lakelight, I return you now to the lake!"

Thus did the knight with sea-colored eyes cease speaking, and she threw the sword in her hand to the waters of the lake.
Yet the sword did not sink and drifted back to her feet. "Oh fair Hauteclaire, Sword of Light! You are so lovely and
sacred, your golden hilt inlaid with jewels." "Daeira, that maiden by the lake, that noble lady of pure waters, gifted
you to the chief of knights so she could perform countless deeds." "She once used you to conquer Peiregord; she once
used you to defeat Aisias. Even the fae of the distant south could not seize you." "May the Mistress of Many Waters have
mercy! The unrighteous are not worthy of you. Beautiful, holy Lakelight, I return you now to the lake!"

Thus did the knight with sea-colored eyes cease speaking, and she threw the sword in her hand to the waters of the lake.
Yet the sword did not sink and drifted back to her feet. "Oh great Hauteclaire, Sword of Light! By your blade were so
many conflicts settled in peace, and the ravages of war laid to rest in these lands." "One day there shall be one nobler
than I, seven times more so, who will lift you again, and they shall do deeds seven times greater." "How many wondrous
days have I spent beside you! Ah! Dawn breaks, yet I have lost the crown of righteousness forever." "May the Mistress of
Many Waters have mercy! The unrighteous are not worthy of you. Beautiful and holy Lakelight, I return you now to the
lake!"

Thus did the knight with sea-colored eyes cease speaking, and she threw the sword in her hand to the waters of the lake.
The sword sank without a trace. And then she left with the spirit who had been by her side from the start, never again
to be seen by any in this world.
