# Tales of a Snow-Winged Goose

## Volume 1: Pers the Penguin

Legend says there is a sea of ice far off in the south. That is where the penguins live. Penguins are chubby little
ladies and gentlemen, with tuxedos of black feathers pulled tight over their cute white bellies. You might think they
look awkward on land, waddling about, unable to fly like other birds. But just you wait. You'll see them throw
themselves onto those bellies and slide as if snowboarding, right into the water. With a splash, they become elegant and
talented swimmers, their thick, flipper-like wings helping to streamline their bodies as they zoom about underwater.
Now, lots of children already know these penguin facts. And children who love penguins will know all this by heart. But
there is one thing that even the penguin-loving children don't know. Every penguin in the world comes from outer space,
far beyond the skies. Great flocks of penguins once flew across the universe, their flippers steering them between the
stars, their sleek feathers reflecting what little starlight there was out there in the void. From red giants to white
dwarfs, from the shoulder of Orion to the glimmering Tannhauser Gate... The penguins explored it all. The penguins
remember it all. But, perhaps because of some interstellar catastrophe or even a simple family argument, several penguin
clans split off from that galaxy-roaming flock and landed in the icy waters to the south of Teyvat. They became our
first penguins. But those new arrivals found our atmosphere too thick to fly in, and their lack of prior experience with
water left them unable to swim as well. Until, that is, the birth of the marvelous Pers the Penguin — the first penguin
to learn to swim.

Like many young penguins, Pers would gaze up at the starry night sky, or the blue skies of daytime, and say to himself:
"If only I could fly, like my ancestors!"

And so Pers decided to learn from the birds. How did they fly so high? First, Pers the Penguin asked the biggest bird he
could find: a frigatebird. And the frigatebird said: "Haha! Piece of cake! Once you bring me 30 fish, I'll spill the
beans!" And so Pers spent 50 nights on a moonlit beach, collecting 300 shells. Then he found a whale who liked shells
and exchanged his 300 shells for 30 fish. The next day, the frigatebird swallowed those 30 fish in one great big gulp
before laughing and flying away. As he flew off, he called down to young Pers: "The secret to flying is to be light! Why
not try losing some weight?" Well, losing weight was easy enough. But if a penguin lost its thick layer of fat, it
wouldn't be a penguin anymore. So, Pers shook his head. And as all children know, the frigatebird got a new nickname
after all this for its greed and unreasonable nature: the piratebird.

Next, Pers asked the seagulls for help. But all they did was squawk and croak. Pers was thus none the wiser, and the
seagulls wound up having a big argument. In fact, some of them became so angry that they refused to fly ever again,
becoming auks... Though that's a different story. And so Pers asked a petrel for help. But the petrel would only teach
him some impractical tricks, and not the basics that he needed most. Because, that noble seabird thought, surely it was
better to learn how to soar through a stormy sky than to worry about trivial matters like taking off and landing.

Pers was now a very disappointed penguin. He waddled back to the beach and gazed out across the peaceful nighttime
ocean. And as he did so, he noticed for the first time ever that the stars of his celestial homeland were reflected in
the ocean. And he found them so beautiful that he simply... jumped in. And, after a brief moment of panicked sinking,
Pers the Penguin realized that he could fly — underwater, at least. He could whizz speedily along, or twist and turn. It
was, after all, what those strong wings and that smooth round body had been made for! And that is how Pers the Penguin
became the first penguin to learn to swim. And after Pers, many other penguins plucked up the courage to take that leap
into the waters and, like their ancestors, soar amongst the glimmering stars, exploring, feeding, and playing. Once Pers
had shown them the way, the penguins took to life in the water and forgot their spacefaring past. Not even in their
dreams did they remember that limitless void. The penguins live here now, between sea and land.

## Volume 2: Princess Marcotte

In the not-too-distant past, every type of plant and every type of beast had its own kingdom. And in the Marcotte
Kingdom, there live a princess with long pink hair. Legend has it that she was born in a crab claw and never put down
roots — she always was, and always would be, a tough little seed. "My darling daughter, my beloved treasure. Why not
settle down and enjoy a life of nobility? Why do you wait so long to sprout and grow?" asked her worried and kingly
father. "Father, father, please do not fret or rage. I was born in a crab claw, and that claw will be my ship. Your
daughter's fate is not to take root in the mundane earth and grow pretty flowers. It is to conquer the seas and explore
a new and wonderful world!" The king was shocked by his daughter's plans. What was wrong with pretty flowers, he
thought? Wasn't he a pretty flower? And what if his daughter one day decided to set down those roots and grow an even
prettier garland than his? That would be terrible. But he only felt this way because he was ashamed of not being as
pretty as he wanted to be.

And so, he had the princess and the crab claw locked up in a golden box. Then he hid the golden box in a mirror made of
purest water. And then he threw the mirror into the sapphire lake of the Pluie Lotus Kingdom. There was only one way to
reverse all those layers of confinement and free the princess (and the crab claw) — to make the Mother Lotus laugh. And
as everyone knows, Pluie Lotuses are all too used to weeping.

"All is well again," said the king. "I can rest my regal head in peace. All I need to do is wait and wait, for my
beloved daughter's seed to start to crack. She will lose her wanderlust. For what choice will she have, but to grow..."

"And then my daughter will be like me. She will follow her destiny and grow strong and healthy."

But the brave princess was not cowed by her long imprisonment. She wrote joke after joke to try and make the Mother
Lotus laugh, and practiced telling those jokes over and over. The crab claw chortled. Even the golden box guffawed. But
the Mother Lotus? Nothing. So she decided to write a comic play. She rehearsed until the crab claw couldn't help but
burst into laughter and hop around — despite having no feet! She even converted the interior of the box into a theater.
But still, nothing. Next, the princess tried to find comedy in the circumstances of her imprisonment — situational
comedy, she called it. Soon the crab claw was, like the princess, laughing until it cried and then crying until it
laughed. And eventually, the Pluie Lotus — keen criers, as we know — found themselves giggling. Finally, the Mother
Lotus could contain her curiosity no longer, and the princess was granted an audience. And, to everyone's surprise, the
princess didn't even need to tell a single joke. The Mother Lotus burst out laughing as soon as the princess entered the
room. Her laughter grew louder and louder, shaking the palace walls and sending ripples across the sapphire lake.
Princess Marcotte won her freedom. But she won something more valuable as well — the ability to laugh, and to make
others laugh, even in the saddest of circumstances. In her crab claw ship, the princess sailed the ocean waves on her
voyage to the new world of her dreams. And ever since, sailors have told tales of a crab claw ship.

## Volume 3: Mr. Fox and the Clockwork Guardsman

A long, long time ago, Mr. Fox and the Clockwork Guardsman were good friends. Mr. Fox was a successful thief. The
Clockwork Guardsman was... well, he was a guard. Clue's in the name, isn't it? But that was a long, long time ago, of
course. They're still good friends, though. That will never change, no matter their jobs or social status. The Clockwork
Guardsman had always had a worry curled up inside him, and as the years passed and his mechanisms aged, that worry got
bigger and bigger, like a balloon, and heavier and heavier, like a piglet, and it was always there no matter how much he
tried to shake it off, like Mr. Fox's lovely tail. It was a very worrying worry.

So the Clockwork Guardsman told his good friend, Mr. Fox, of this concerning concern: "I've already lived a very long
time. I've met so many people and said goodbye to so many. I've heard the funniest jokes and lived through the saddest
times, and then I've forgotten it all and lived through it again. Even though forgetting isn't easy for a machine such
as myself, it all fades." Mr. Fox understood his friend's concerns and knew just what to suggest: "If living such a long
life makes you forgetful and jaded, perhaps it is time to die, and in doing so, to make your life real." "But, my
fluffiest of friends," the Clockwork Guard said, removing his alloy guard's cap and sighing, "didn't you steal Death
from Ms. Toad's dressing table in that heist many years ago? It caused quite the commotion, as I recall. The living
things of the world all forgot how to die." As, we all know, Ms. Toad is Death's envoy, the queen of all that is ugly,
cold, and annoying. She guards that coldest jewel, Death itself.

"Ah, I was so young then. I remember I was madly in love with Ms. Jackal, and I wanted to bring her the most expensive
treasure I could find." "And?" "I succeeded. But she died." Death slipped from Ms. Jackal's hand and shattered on the
ground. The fragments melted into the earth, never to be seen again. And as that happened, the creatures of the world
started to die as normal once more, with all that should have been dead now being so. Except, that is, for Mr. Fox, who
should have died, but didn't. His life dragged on.

"Death still exists in this world! All we need do is search for it!" And so Mr. Fox and the Clockwork Guardsman, furry
paw in cold metal hand, left the city they called home to search for Death in all the corners of the world. And they
searched and they searched and then they searched some more. They searched until Mr. Fox's beautiful red coat had turned
white. They searched until the Clockwork Guardsman's pride and joy, his official guard badge, had rusted. Finally, they
reached the place where Ms. Toad lived.

"Ms. Toad? Ms. Toad?" called the Guardsman, as he knocked on the door. Ms. Toad opened the door slowly and stretched out
her warty, scabby hand. "Lovely Ms. Toad, I am so sorry to bother you again," said Mr. Fox as he took off his hat. "But
my good friend is in great pain, and you are the keeper of the only cure." "Ms. Toad is of course aware of how lovely
she is," came a rasping voice from within the ramshackle hut. "And if your friend seeks Death, he will not find it
here." "Life is not tea and Death is not sugar. Their tastes cannot be distinguished if you live forever. But you have a
mechanical heart and a mechanical tongue, and have tasted their flavor over and over, during each cycle of activation
and deactivation..." Ms. Toad removed an embroidered shroud to reveal the cold jewel called Death, then extended a hand,
beckoning to the Clockwork Guardsman. "Come, young guard, come, child. All must be tested, but do not admit defeat
easily, my strong child..." "My maggots will not eat you, my moss will not grow on you. Whether your enemy is time or
guilt, sadness or ennui... Do not admit defeat easily, my child." And with that, Ms. Toad took the guard's metal hand
and placed it lightly on the jewel called Death, and he saw how long, long in the future, he would end— After countless
years of hardships, a battered and beaten Clockwork Guardsman was thrown into the fires of the scrapping plant, to melt
into a metallic ocean of millennia of waste. All those slow metal thoughts and hard metal ideas became swift and liquid.
They evolved and combined and formed a new life. It was a glorious return for all metal lifeforms, making even the
release of death fade in comparison.

And so the Clockwork Guardsman saw the future and gave up his dreams of dying. His good friend Mr. Fox, meanwhile,
withdrew his thieving hand and left the jewel where it was. Indeed, life encompasses more than just bitterness akin to
tea. If he had a friend to accompany him through the hard times, what rush was there? He could steal this extraordinary
jewel later.

Later, as all children know, Mr. Fox and the Clockwork Guardsman lived long, long lives, until the little world they
lived in was but a desert, until the sun went out, until the moon fell... And even then, their story didn't end. It
lived on, passed from world to world.
