# A Thousand Nights

## Volume 4: The Tale of the Researcher

Once upon a time, there lived a researcher, upon whom all the hallmarks of the haughty man of letters might be seen,
though he himself — and we shall be generous to him here — was not the best amongst his peers. Knowledge is like a
fruit, after all, and time quickly whittles its freshness away. If he cannot eat it all while it is still juicy and
full, the rest shall taste like sweet decay.

"Time," the young researcher said, "you truly are my hated foe — even more so than I consider my colleagues."

Alas, innate characteristics such as laziness cannot be so easily shaken off. Thus did winters turn to summers and back
again, bringing his "hated colleagues" glory and praise, while he was left with the scars of the bygone years. Perhaps
this was some trick of fate, but our main character would indeed discover a way to make his wish reality — quite by
accident, in fact.

"Time seems fair, though it is but a veneer. That I am not as quick-witted as others is not due to a lack of talent.
Nay, 'tis but the cruelty of time..." So thought the researcher, now no longer young. "Now that my chance has come, I
must use it well."

And so he made this wish to the injured Jinni: "I wish for time to be just... so that I might write better theses."

The Jinni understood him quite easily, saying: "All things come with a price."

"Well, yes, and I have clearly paid part of that toll," he said, shrugging. "I have wasted my youth on pointless
pursuits. Now that things have come to this point, I no longer desire common joys. I only wish to leave behind a work of
stunning brilliance, that my name will be praised for generations. Nor do I wish for my work to be left on perishable
ink and paper, but it shall instead be carved into stone. Thousands of years on, my marks shall still be left upon this
world... and this way, I shall have my justice — I shall triumph over time.

"If that is your will," the Jinni replied noncommittally, fulfilling the researcher's wish nonetheless.

But whether that was truly a Jinni or some demon in disguise was quite the matter of contention, especially in
hindsight. Leaving this matter aside, the researcher whose wish was fulfilled found that everything had now become slow
compared to his thinking.

"Good, good. Now then, my agility of mind shall not be a problem." At first, the researcher was most pleased. Now that
he had ample slack, so to speak, there was much time for thoughtful consideration. The time it took for a sand grain to
fall to the earth was not sufficient for him to raise his left hand to touch his forehead, but his mind could sprint
during this time — from forest to desert, from vast plain to snowy tundra it could run indeed. He cursed that all the
pages of a book could not be laid out flat, but had to be flipped one by one. But even had they been laid out before
him, his eyeballs would have failed to move quickly enough. By the time his eyes had finished resting upon a single
word, he would already have exhausted all vocabulary related to that word, and all imagination pertaining to that
vocabulary.

"I think too much and write too little," the researcher thought afterwards. "I must use the most elegant words to write
the most academically rigorous paper." But when he had penned the first word, his thoughts had already leaped to the
conclusion. And so he had to constantly repeat the essay to himself, and as he silently dictated the text, it would
become more and more refined. Yet, this could only happen in his mind — when all was said and done, his right hand had
yet to even write seven words.

And thus was this great work, comprised of the finest lexicon and the stoutest logic, compromised by the researcher's
own body. Every passage came out tattered, as if someone had shredded every page and put them back together haphazardly.
The words that were connected felt like fragments randomly selected from a complete text, and no one could really grasp
the connection between them.

It was on a starless night when he, with all his strength, like one completing a centuries-long exodus, managed to leave
his study, arriving at the courtyard downstairs.

"Perhaps speaking shall be more direct than writing," he said, a single bare thread of hope remaining in his heart. But
his very voice seemed to stumble after the weave of his thoughts. His syllables came out disjointed and fragmentary — as
if the intent behind the words had changed even as they were being said, and so they came out as mere mumbling and
whimpering.

"Alas, poor old fellow! One might almost think he has been possessed!" So said the well-dressed young folk who looked
upon him with sympathy. "But at least he still has the moon."

They left after saying these words, leaving the researcher alone in the moon-bathed courtyard, trapped in the prison he
once called a body. Then the mere husk of a mortal man began to recall a story that he had once read...

## Volume 5: The Tale of the Mirror, the Palace, and the Dreamer

Night after night, she would always dream about that distant palace. Its intricate structure was formed of infinite
corners, arcades, and passages, and at each corner would be hung a silver mirror with a gilded frame. It was said that
the king spent 200 years (6 years more must be added if one wishes to follow the numbering of years in those days) to
design this place, and when seated upon the throne, he could gaze into any mirror, and through its exquisitely planned
and winding paths of light, one could glimpse any corner of his realm. Yet when she looked into the mirrors at the ends
of the hallways in her dream, all she could see was a blurry image: that of a masked young woman garbed in fine raiment,
wearing lovely ornaments, walking through the opulent corridors, like a heat haze in the flaming gold of day. She knew
then her purpose, though it might seem strange — she wished to gain an audience with that king and tell him something,
for these words had been put into her heart and were not hers to command, though she would always leave those words
somewhere in the warping mirror-lights each time she awoke with a start.

Year after year, in her dreams as clear as dawn, she would try — and fail — to find the way to the throne, nor would she
ever witness that king in person. The young lady who was once lost amongst the mirrors was now a famed magician, and
even so, in those stolen dreaming moments, in those flashes of unconscious lucidity, those fantastical thoughts still
had her soul in their iron grip. One day, the great mage discovered clues to reaching that distant kingdom at last.
Forsaking all that the worldly might hold dear, she set out on her journey alone. Across mottled moonlight she sailed,
through the shadowed valleys she strode, and the darkest forests she braved, until she, at last, reached that realm of
her dreams. But alas, alas! That city had been annihilated in a terrible fire a few hundred years ago, and the
once-prosperous kingdom was now no more. It is just as the poets say:

> The morning breeze is forgotten by all,  
> Song and color have faded from sight.  
> Only the dim gleam of towers tall,  
> Lights the ruined, barren night.  

She entered the devastated palace and walked amidst its ruins. The mirrors and their gilded frames had long been
shattered, with naught but their shattered wrack remaining, each splinter reflecting a beam of chilling moonlight. The
court was not as bizarre or strange as it had been in her dreams — in a few mere corners and a few corridors, she was
knocking on the door of the throne room. It was a circular hall with hundreds of mirrors hanging from the stone walls —
though like the mirrors in the hallways, these had also mostly been destroyed. The mage subconsciously walked towards
that long-vacated throne and sat down, casting her gaze upon one of the still-whole mirrors.

In that mirror, she beheld again that masked young woman garbed in fine raiment, walking amidst the opulent halls, and
behind her, the mirrors — mirrors that had never been shattered — reflected a thousand reflections of her form. She
startled and raised her head, for that young woman now stood before her, silently watching, unimaginable pain in her
eyes. The mage had only just thought of something to say when the woman drew a dagger — before stabbing her in the
heart. A lustrous rose-bloom graced the silent tip of the blade as flames ignited all around them, consuming the hall
that had once been destroyed by a great blaze once more.

She smiled in confusion, astonishment, and relief, for the woman then took her mask off, revealing the features of the
mage herself, dry lips quivering ever so slightly.

This time, the mage could finally hear the other person's words — words that had become lost across the decades and
centuries within this labyrinthine dream and its eventide bewilderment. It was a story, a story told by her to herself,
a story reflected in thousands of shattered slivers of silver, echoing on and on, forever...

## Volume 6: Tale of the Bird Chaser

This is a story of an old bird chaser.

North of the kingdom lies a dense forest. It is home to a flock of birds that can mimic the words of humans. They often
gather like a cloud by the break of the dawn. As they fly in the forest iridescent hues dance on their spread wings, and
their chatters echo round the tree crowns. But these creatures are not alone, for an old and frail man dressed in
tattered rags always comes and spends all day chasing after them like a savage.

Just as how a towering tree was once tender and delicate, the old man used to be fair and handsome. He grew up in a
village by the forest. Agile and kind, he was much-loved by all.

Every girl in the village adored him, but his heart fluttered only for his love, a young priestess serving in the forest
who always fascinated him with miracles of the divine.

The young man often thought that he would give up anything to be with the girl, until death did them apart. Alas, that
which is sweet never lasts. A grueling war broke out, and the young were conscripted, including the man. Before he left
for the battlefield, he saw his love weep for the first time. Teardrops rolled down her cheeks like dew falling from a
green leaf — then down into his heart. Yet little did he know the actual reason behind the girl's melancholia. He made
hasty promises, wishing to ease the girl's sorrow — one caused by departure, as he then naively believed.

With grief written all over her face, the girl gave no response to his beautiful vows. After a brief silence, she said
she would send talking birds to relay her words of longing. It was an unusual use of power, but the young man took her
act as a means to secure his love. So he nodded.

The young man departed the next day to honor his duty to his kingdom. It would soon be over, he thought. But reality
eventually proved him wrong — the war dragged on and on. It was not until stubble grew on his chin and his eyes and
hands became battle-hardened that the dust finally settled.

His only solace in this brutal war was the birds from his hometown. As if guided by the gods, they always managed to
come to him on quiet nights, carrying her words — the whispers of her bitter-sweet longing, telling him of changes in
the village, or of a few short verses she wrote him.

The sustained separation had not diminished his love for her. Instead, if love was a monument, it would be driven into
his heart.

When the war finally ended, he hurried home to propose to his beloved, only to find that she had died of an acute
illness on a cold night shortly after his departure.

The young man refused to accept it, for he had just been visited by a talking bird the previous day, when his young
priestess read him beautiful prose through its mouth.

He broke into the girl's closed chamber. But as the sunlight filled the dim room, it stirred what was inside: countless
enchanted birds waiting to be awakened from their rich slumber. In a single instant, the birds rushed past him, wings
flapping by his ears, and flew through the open floor into the sky like an ethereal cloud, returning to their home. At
last, the young man stood alone, his love's empty room before him.

It finally dawned on him why the girl had made the most unusual arrangement with that saddened expression on her face
the night they parted.

It had been an arrangement for a lifetime — on her dying bed, she must taught the birds countless words, more than
enough to fill his every night since with a flicker of light.

Birds live far longer than humans think. From that day on, the young man has been chasing the talking birds in the
forest. In their voices, he seeks to catch her lingering soul, to repent for his sin of scattering her love in the
woods. Maddened yet tireless, the young man has not stopped his chase for a single day as he turned into a middle-aged
man, then aged into an old man. The talking birds now speak of nothing new, and their numbers have dwindled. But what if
there is still one that he has not yet met — one with something from her that he has not yet known? The obsession traps
the bird chaser in the forest and upon his face is written the toll of years.

He skillfully sets up traps very catch the birds and keeps them in a cage, stroking their necks, playing with them, and
giving them the best cereals and clearest water. Then, he will say to them, "Speak, Talking Birds, speak of my love, who
the forest favored so dearly. Speak of what she taught you."

And so, the generously-fed birds will tell such a story...
